# Meteor-UI5-Accounts
This is a Meteor package for using UI5 with the Meteor Accounts system.  

It provides drop-in UI controls to manage logging in, sign out and other user accounts functions.

## Using this package
This package can be added to your meteor project with `meteor add propellerlabsio:meteor-ui5-accounts`.

Please see the [Meteor Ui5 website](http://meteor-ui5.PropellerLabs.com) for documentation and demos of all of the features of this and the related meteor-ui5 packages. In particular, the following resources might be useful:
* [Quickstart guide](http://meteor-ui5.PropellerLabs.com/#/docs/quickstart)
* [Tutorial](http://meteor-ui5.PropellerLabs.com/#/tutorial/mongo/step/00)

## Contributing

### Cloning and building
1. After cloning the repo, run `npm install` to install build dependencies.
1. Run `npm run-script build` after making any changes to files in the `src/` directory. This will rebuild the `dist/` files and the documentation.  Meteor's own build tool will handle everything after that.

**Note:** if you are getting errors when running the build script specifically at the eslint step, uninstall all of the eslint dependencies including eslint from npm globally.

### Project folder structure
| Path | Purpose |
| ---- | ------- |
| `dist`† | The contents of this meteor package as built by the Grunt tool.   |
| `doc`† | Doc pages as generated by the jsdoc3 tool during the build process. |
| `src` | All of the source files for the package. |
| `temp`† | Temporary build process area. |
 **† WARNING!** Do not make manual changes in these folders as they will be overwritten by the build process.

### Running your copy of the code
To use your local version of the code in a meteor project:
1. Create a `packages` folder in the root of your meteor project
1. In that folder create a symbolic link to the `dist` folder in this repo - e.g. `ln -s ~/git/meteor-ui5-mongo/dist meteor-ui5-accounts`
1. Install the package with the normal command, i.e. `meteor add propellerlabsio:meteor-ui5-accounts`.

## Deploying
* Increment the version in the following files: `package.json`, `src/package.js`, `src/library.js` and in the roadmap of this `README.md` file.
* Run the build script with `npm run-script build`.
* Test.  
* Publish with `meteor publish` from the `dist` folder.

## Roadmap

### v0.0.2 - Current version

### v0.0.3+

1. Add other UI controls beyond the ShellHeadUserItem for managing sign-in in apps that don't use a unified shell.
1. Add ability to add custom items to accounts menu.
1. Support Facebook, Github, Google oauth login
1. Don't require `accounts-password` package but dynamically determined which accounts packages are installed and adjust UI accordingly.
1. Package up as component and/or library so client can use preload.
1. Allow for other paths/logic for calculation of display user name


## Version history
| Version | Description |
| ---- | ------- |
| `0.0.1` | The initial version. |
| `0.0.2` | Add password reset handling. |

## License
This software is licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 - see LICENSE.txt
